# Microsoft.AzureStackHCI @ 2020-10-01

## Resource Microsoft.AzureStackHCI/clusters@2020-10-01
* **Valid Scope(s)**: ResourceGroup
### Properties
* **apiVersion**: '2020-10-01' (ReadOnly, DeployTimeConstant): The resource api version
* **id**: string (ReadOnly, DeployTimeConstant): The resource id
* **location**: string (Required): The geo-location where the resource lives
* **name**: string (Required, DeployTimeConstant): The resource name
* **properties**: [ClusterProperties](#clusterproperties): Cluster properties.
* **systemData**: [SystemData](#systemdata) (ReadOnly): System data of Cluster resource
* **tags**: [TrackedResourceTags](#trackedresourcetags): Resource tags.
* **type**: 'Microsoft.AzureStackHCI/clusters' (ReadOnly, DeployTimeConstant): The resource type

## ClusterNode
### Properties
* **coreCount**: int (ReadOnly): Number of physical cores on the cluster node.
* **id**: int (ReadOnly): Id of the node in the cluster.
* **manufacturer**: string (ReadOnly): Manufacturer of the cluster node hardware.
* **memoryInGiB**: int (ReadOnly): Total available memory on the cluster node (in GiB).
* **model**: string (ReadOnly): Model name of the cluster node hardware.
* **name**: string (ReadOnly): Name of the cluster node.
* **osName**: string (ReadOnly): Operating system running on the cluster node.
* **osVersion**: string (ReadOnly): Version of the operating system running on the cluster node.
* **serialNumber**: string (ReadOnly): Immutable id of the cluster node.

## ClusterProperties
### Properties
* **aadClientId**: string (Required): App id of cluster AAD identity.
* **aadTenantId**: string (Required): Tenant id of cluster AAD identity.
* **billingModel**: string (ReadOnly): Type of billing applied to the resource.
* **cloudId**: string (ReadOnly): Unique, immutable resource id.
* **lastBillingTimestamp**: string (ReadOnly): Most recent billing meter timestamp.
* **lastSyncTimestamp**: string (ReadOnly): Most recent cluster sync timestamp.
* **provisioningState**: 'Accepted' | 'Canceled' | 'Failed' | 'Provisioning' | 'Succeeded' | string (ReadOnly): Provisioning state.
* **registrationTimestamp**: string (ReadOnly): First cluster sync timestamp.
* **reportedProperties**: [ClusterReportedProperties](#clusterreportedproperties): Properties reported by cluster agent.
* **status**: 'ConnectedRecently' | 'Disconnected' | 'Error' | 'NotConnectedRecently' | 'NotYetRegistered' | string (ReadOnly): Status of the cluster agent.
* **trialDaysRemaining**: int (ReadOnly): Number of days remaining in the trial period.

## ClusterReportedProperties
### Properties
* **clusterId**: string (ReadOnly): Unique id generated by the on-prem cluster.
* **clusterName**: string (ReadOnly): Name of the on-prem cluster connected to this resource.
* **clusterVersion**: string (ReadOnly): Version of the cluster software.
* **lastUpdated**: string (ReadOnly): Last time the cluster reported the data.
* **nodes**: [ClusterNode](#clusternode)[] (ReadOnly): List of nodes reported by the cluster.

## SystemData
### Properties
* **createdAt**: string: The timestamp of resource creation (UTC).
* **createdBy**: string: The identity that created the resource.
* **createdByType**: 'Application' | 'Key' | 'ManagedIdentity' | 'User' | string: The type of identity that created the resource.
* **lastModifiedAt**: string: The timestamp of resource last modification (UTC)
* **lastModifiedBy**: string: The identity that last modified the resource.
* **lastModifiedByType**: 'Application' | 'Key' | 'ManagedIdentity' | 'User' | string: The type of identity that last modified the resource.

## TrackedResourceTags
### Properties
### Additional Properties
* **Additional Properties Type**: string

